Toniof xxx extended landsat support (#99)
dcs4cop/xcube-sh: CHANGES.md

## Changes in 0.10.2 (in development)

> * Added support for Landsat-4,5 Level-2 (`"LTML2"`) 
>   and Landsat 7 Level-2 (`"LETML2"`) collections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for Landsat-4,5 Level-2 (`"LTML2"`) 
  and Landsat 7 Level-2 (`"LETML2"`) collections available through the endpoint
  `api_url="https://services-uswest2.sentinel-hub.com"`.
```

* Adapted to work with Python 3.10

> * Changed default time tolerance from ten months to ten minutes

Reviewer: This is a suboptimal phrasing. The intention was never 10 months (you should know that).

```suggestion
* Fixed default `time_tolerance` used when `time_period` is None. It is now correctly set to ten minutes.
```

Reviewer: If it really was 10 months, then we should have almost always received entirely wrong results. But that was obviously not the case. Strange.
